you know we've had we still have to come
many very accomplished New Yorkers on
our show this week but none more
important or accomplished than the ones
from the New York Fire Department who
risk their lives looks up for them but I
have to admit I think the closest I've
actually been to an actual firehouse is
watching the movie ghostbusters I've not
been there so I thought it might be fun
to spend the day with real fire fires
Guillermo and I took a field trip to
Harlem the engine company 53 and Ladder
Company 43 where we were fortunate
enough to spend time with el Barrios
bravest
we're reporting for duty yeah can we
come in what's up fellas thanks for
having these a fireman and all of them
are good sheep that's right you have to
be in good shape just like us yes so
there's an engine company and a ladder
company who's on the engine company and
who's on the ladder company and what's
the difference
it does seem to be the case what's a
typical day like here these companies
are probably one of the busiest
companies in the area all around the
city did how many calls you get a day
I'd like 5,700 runs last year last
couple of years over 5,000 runs can I
tell you something I always imagined
that 80% of the time you guys were on
bunk beds taking naps and making chili
oh my childhood dreams are see no
there's no bunk beds do you make chili
is that still a thing okay all right all
right I want to point one thing out it's
kind of funny you have a fire
extinguisher right there yeah for this
place right yeah if this place were to
go up in flames god forbid who do you
call like the closest fire department to
you all right let's check it out oh man
this thing is heavy you ain't kidding
you know here's about 25 pounds oh my
god you know we could all go to like
Marshalls or something to get you guys
some nice lightweight summer stuff you
know 25 pounds for pants seems excessive
oh that's right it's got we're gonna go
fast
Jimmy I think I'm too fat this doesn't
fit
is there a weight limit for firefighters
jurors can we come on the call you don't
have any room wait you know we'll wait
here we'll make some food all right make
some food okay
[Music]
well it's a little bit of masculine that
we got left behind all the guys won it
saved somebody's life but I have an idea
that I think they're gonna like we're
gonna do some fire themed pancakes okay
you know I like to make yeah cartoon
pancakes yeah okay oh you're gonna help
me are all right all right what's your
name again Guillermo oh nice to meet you
so all right there we go let's make it a
little more red because we're in the
firehouse maybe you can make a dog a
Dalmatian
start looking like a chihuahua instead
of the magic
it's a fire Chihuahua that's so awesome
you look so good you do some flames it
will give him a little face like El
Diablo so look this is my truck gimme
that's really good
[Music]
hey guys hope you're hungry you know
this looks great look at this we made
some fun things for you because we know
you don't have a lot of time to spend
cooking so we've got all sorts of fire
related things 5343 what is this
guillermo missin ashes this is what a
nosh that's an ash also known as an axe
everybody want to eat an axe are these
fire people those are the little fire
guys yeah
what is the dumbest reason you've ever
been called to somebody's house when I
worked in the engine I had it for
explosive diarrhea and that wasn't like
a prank take it to the hospital
it's him calling he just had chili hey
we made pancakes you didn't wait for us
or one see if the busy company was out
there doing work for sad or for someone
that didn't open a door friends
supposedly two months would you find it
sighs a lot of debris and roaches so you
must be you must be hungry yeah so they
game all right who's the biggest ladies
man in the house if you had a date or
something you really wanted to take the
fire engine out some pics and make a
real impression would you be allowed
would that be okay sounds like a good
idea
what is your proudest moment as a
firehouse when you think of I'm sure
yeah every day you save people's lives
but what would sticks out when I ask
that I don't think a day goes by where
we're out there you know helping the
public with even a minor emergency or
our house fire where they don't express
their gratitude for what we do that
means a lot you know to know that we're
appreciated by the community thanks for
letting us come and hang out with you I
do have a request and if it really has
been a lifelong dream to slide down the
pole would that be possible
yeah yeah you want to slide down the
pole no you do it at cash
I want to go down like Batman you know
let's go for it Godspeed here we go
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you so much thanks I'm trying not
to set anything on fire and good luck
with your new recruit
[Music]
wow they have the hottest truck in the
world
[Music]
and by the way if you are watching this
show from Harlem right now and you smell
smoke don't even bother to call 9-1-1 no
one is there they're all here right now
thanks for watching if you like that
video click the subscribe button and if
you didn't like it
will you hurt my feelings